When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When I work on multiple computers or there are more people working on a project so all can access the system at one place.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

There might be changes which need to be reviewed before getting pulled. GitHub cannot review them itself.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks: are clones of anyone's repo in the context of GitHub which are only available on GitHub. Used to have anyone's repo
Clones: are copies of a repository at a local system or at GitHub. Same as above but we can also make clones of forks
Branches: are sort of small part of a project like some experimental feature. A project can have multiple branches,
used for experimental features usually while not disturbing the normal flow of work.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

We can work on it even when offline. And merge it with our (master).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Share code via cloud services or emails and ask the receiver to run and check at their end and comment.
And if there are any changes sent it back so I can incorporate those changes into main version. Only thing easier would be to not
setup and learn Git/GitHub. Sending mails to and forth is inefficient and a headache. Management overall would be pretty hard.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When the change is logically different than the master or if its a new feature we aren't sure whether it will be useful.
Not using branches is simple and straight forward but their advantage is that they separate the risks of implementing new
things in a separate place away from master so your main space remains working.
